{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When he was a child, he was anything but a clown. An average build shy young man, he always dreamed of being something else he wasnt. He always pictured himself a smart man, an academic, an intellectual. A learned man. He imagined himself a highschool teacher or something similar. What kind of kid imagines himself a high school teacher?.. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He admired and gravitated towards those who knew things. His history teacher for instance, Mr George.... a lanky, balding man who shaved his head and wore pleated trousers and cardigans.. But in the afternoon periods, after lunch, when the class seems to become a little quieter, he listened closely as Mr George narrated stories of the Athenian senate, the roman Curia.. The Egyptians.. It was all so beautiful, so interesting, he imagined himself walking among the ancients.. Perhaps attending a lecture or a speech at the roman forum.. History, language.. It always had been his fascination. he had always wanted to learn more, to be more. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But it was not to be. He was not good in school, despite everyones expectations. he didnt even finish high school. He had focused on other things, urgent things rather than important things, and when time came to do something, he just moved on. But now, he had found his calling. He found what made him sleep, and smile at night. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nightime.. When he went to bed every night, it was with the satisfaction of those who know that theyre achieving something important. Something transcendental, even though the rest of the people might not understand, he understood. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You will die, when everyone who ever knew you forgets you\u8221\'94. He was doing his best to remain alive as long as possible. This stage of his life, was important.  It was his calling, after all.}}