{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Almost time now. He sat down on a nearby bench backstage getting ready for his act. The music blared, deafeningly\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 the same tired, ubiquitous circus jingle. Most people have heard it one hundred times before, but the circus managers refused to play anything else. \u8220\'93It wouldn't be the circus without the circus music\u8221\'94, they used to repeat. The spot lights were very bright.., blinding. A yellow aura inundated the stage, and even backstage. The lights overhead seemed way too bright as well.It was like looking into the sun without protection. And too hot. Small beads of sweat forming on his forehead, which he comically patted away with his pocket handkerchief. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His face didnt look out of place. Some wrinkles around his eyes and forehead, a broad nose, .. Although most of his features had now been hidden away by the thick paste that was his makeup. An old school auguste clown. Sporting bright red hair and nose, and lips. Exagerated eyes and mouth. Earth tones and white and brown. He had carefully chosen his makeup, and avoided cat eyes or slits or any other extravagance that might make him scary to the kids.. He wouldnt want to scare the kids. He wasnt old. Merely 34 years of age, and had been at this life for 13 years already. It did feel like an eternity. And although he loved the life, he still wondered what else life might have brought, if it wasnt for this.}}