{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldMT;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red108\green87\blue101;\red160\green54\blue91;\red210\green126\blue37;\red170\green64\blue101;\red145\green145\blue145;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9642\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs24\b0\i0\fi-4993\li7195\lin7195}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs24\b0\i0\fi-4993\li14384\lin14384}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid3\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f3\fs24\b0\i0\fi-4993\li21577\lin21577}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f3\fs24\b0\i0\fi-4993\li7195\lin7195}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f3\fs24\b0\i0\fi-4993\li14384\lin14384}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid3\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f3\fs24\b0\i0\fi-4993\li21577\lin21577}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f3\fs24\b0\i0\fi-4993\li7195\lin7195}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9642\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs24\b0\i0\fi-4993\li7195\lin7195}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs58\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>SHORT STORY MANUSCRIPT FORMAT<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa480\sl216\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs36\b0\i0\cf5 About This Template<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa80\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 By default, when compiled (}{\f4\fs20\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>File > Compile\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 ), this project will generate a document in the standard manuscript format for short story submissions.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa60\sb560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs34\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::3>How To Use This Template<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx240\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa80\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u9642 	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Inside the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Manuscript\u8221\'94 folder, create a new text document for each scene. (Alternatively, you can just write the entire story in a single text document.)}
\par\pard\plain \tx960\tx1440\li1440\fi-500\sa80\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u9642 	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8288\'3F}{\f5\fs24\b1\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4>Note:<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  The \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Manuscript\u8221\'94 folder is what we refer to in the documentation as the \u8220\'93Draft folder\u8221\'94. It\u8217\'92s just been renamed \u8220\'93Manuscript\u8221\'94 in this template.}
\par\pard\plain \tx240\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa80\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u9642 	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Information about characters can be placed in the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Characters\u8221\'94 folder, and information about locations can be placed in the \u8220\'93Places\u8221\'94 folder. (These are just regular folders that have had custom icons assigned to them using the }{\f4\fs20\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Documents > Change Icon<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  feature.)}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u9642 	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Character and setting sketch sheets have been provided which can be used for filling out information about the people and places in your novel. These are located in the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Template Sheets\u8221\'94 folder.}
\par\pard\plain \tx960\tx1440\li1440\fi-500\sa80\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u9642 	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 You should not edit the documents in the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Template Sheets\u8221\'94 folder directly unless you wish to change the templates (which you are free to do\hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3 you may wish to customise the sketch sheets or get rid of them entirely).}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u9642 	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 To create a new character sheet, click on the Characters folder (or wherever you want to create your new character sheet) and from the }{\f4\fs20\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Project<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  menu, select }{\f4\fs20\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>New From Template > Character Sketch<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 . This creates a new character sketch document for you to edit and fill in with your character details. You can create setting sketch sheets in the same way.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u9642 	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Alternatively, you can just click \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Add\u8221\'94, or hit }{\f4\fs20\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Ctrl+N<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 , with the Characters or Places folders selected.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u9642 	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 You can view character and setting sketches in the Inspector as follows:}
\par\pard\plain \tx1680\tx2160\li2160\fi-500\sa80\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 1.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Select the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Bookmarks\u8221\'94 pane in the Inspector.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 2.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 If necessary, click on \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Document Bookmarks\u8221\'94 at the top and switch to \u8220\'93Project Bookmarks\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 3.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Click on the dropdown arrow next to the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Characters\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93Places\u8221\'94 folders in the Bookmarks list and choose the sheet you wish to view.}
\par\pard\plain \tx240\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa80\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u9642 	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 A \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Notes\u8221\'94 folder has been provided for project-level notes. This has been set as the default Bookmarks folder in }{\f4\fs20\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Project > Project Settings\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 , so that when you create a new document from the Bookmarks sidebar in a Quick Reference panel, the document will be added to this folder.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa60\sb560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs34\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::3>Compiling<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa80\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs24\b1\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4>Tip:<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  You can open this document in a Quick Reference window and have it open alongside the compile dialog if you need to refer to these instructions while compiling.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx240\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa80\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 1.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Edit the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93First Page Header\u8221\'94 document inside the \u8220\'93Front Matter\u8221\'94 folder to ensure that it contains the correct information (by default it will use the Author Information supplied in }{\f4\fs20\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>File > Options\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 ). The text in this document will appear at the top of the first page of the compiled story manuscript.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 2.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Go to }{\f4\fs20\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>File > Compile\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 3.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Next to \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Compile for\u8221\'94, select \u8220\'93Print\u8221\'94, \u8220\'93PDF\u8221\'94 or one of the rich text file formats such as RTF, Word or OpenOffice.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 4.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 In the formats sidebar, under \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Project Formats\u8221\'94, choose from either \u8220\'93Short Story (Times)\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93Short Story (Courier)\u8221\'94. (Note that this list changes depending on the file format you have chosen.).}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 5.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Ensure that the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Add front matter\u8221\'94 button is ticked under the contents list on the right and that the \u8220\'93Front Matter\u8221\'94 folder is selected in the pop-up button next to it. (This has already been set up for you.)}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 6.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Click on \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Compile\u8221\'94.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa60\sb560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs34\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::3>Making Changes<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa80\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 There are various minor changes you can make to tweak this template so that it better suits your needs, as follows:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::6><$Scr_Ps::5>Project and author name:<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  The default book title and author name used in headers and elsewhere can be edited in the metadata pane of Compile (click the tag icon in the rightmost header bar of the Compile panel).}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::6>Font:<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf7  }{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 You can override the font used throughout a compiled document. At the top of the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Section Layouts\u8221\'94 pane in the centre of the Compile panel, change the \u8220\'93Font\u8221\'94 setting.\line \line Note that fonts are not included in ebooks, however\hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3 e-readers choose their own fonts (and you would need to pay a hefty fee for a licence to embed a font in an ebook). The \u8220\'93Font\u8221\'94 setting is therefore not available for ebook formats.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::6>Making your own special folders<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  The \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Characters\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93Places\u8221\'94 folders are just regular folders that have been set up in a particular way; you can create other folders that work in a similar manner.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx240\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa80\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u9642 	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 To create a folder with a custom icon, add a new folder, place it where you want it, ensure it is selected, and then go to }{\f4\fs20\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Documents > Change Icon<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  to choose a different icon.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u9642 	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 To create your own template sheets, create a new document inside the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Template Sheets\u8221\'94 folder and set it up however you want (e.g. add text, change the title or icon, set default metadata and so on). Now this document will be available as the basis for creating new documents from the }{\f4\fs20\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>New From Template<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  menu.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u9642 	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 To make it so that adding a new document to a specific folder always results in a document based on a certain template, select the folder and go to }{\f4\fs20\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Documents > Default Template for Subdocuments<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 , then choose the template document you want to use.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa60\sb560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs34\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::3>Sample Document<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa80\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 See the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Sample Story MS\u8221\'94 PDF file in the Research folder for an example of a document that has been created using this template.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa60\sb560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs34\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::3>Final Note<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa80\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Scrivener project templates are flexible and are not intended to restrict you to a particular workflow. You can change, delete or move the files and folders contained in the template to suit how you work.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Like all templates in Scrivener, this project was originally created from the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Blank\u8221\'94 template. We\u8217\'92ve simply added a few folders and set everything up in ways that should be useful to novel writers. Everything you can do with this project, you could equally do by creating a \u8220\'93Blank\u8221\'94 project and setting it up yourself.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 You can create your own templates by setting up a skeletal project with the files, folders and settings you would like to use for new projects and using }{\f4\fs20\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>File > Save As Template\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Cs::2>}}