{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s time,\u8221\'94 he said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The change of the music, the fanfare.. He had heard this song a million times over, and instinctively he rose from the bench, advancing across the curtains to the stage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The lights trully were too bright!\u8221\'94 he thought... Something must be done about that. He heard his name being announced on the recording as he walked towards the stage. The audience could be heard, excitement. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Starting the act with a juggling routine is always a sure bet. Juggling doesnt need to be funny, it just needs a little bit of skill and everyone will be satistied. It has the wonderful quality of breaking the ice with the audience, it gets them ready for more complex acts. He took three plates, and launching them on the air one by one, he caught them with each juggling stick up in the air. Balancing on each hand and forehead. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wows from the audience can be heard through the thick glaring atmosphere. He looked up and saw them in the distance, sitting down, in place, barely moving. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The act is not great. He isnt the best clown out there. He is not a great clown even. But he puts all his passion in it, and the audience appreciates it. It takes a lot for a person to willing entertain us. Despite what he feels like. Happy or sad, the clown always delivers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He comes to the stage with s strange guitar in hand. A greek bouzouki .. Strumming it madly with a large oversized guitar pick\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 halfway though the song, dropping the pick inside the instrument.. His face contorts.. Feeling stupid. Its allright.. Clumsiness is part of the act. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The music has changed. A slow piano plucks sad minor chords on the recording. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He continues.. This time bringing an immense chest onto the stage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 dropping it on his foot has he lets it down. The music slows down. The piano playing yet sadder notes, like a music box.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He opens the chest.. Only to find another chest inside.. And another, and yet another until the large chest is revealed to contain nothing more than a tiny red box, which when opened contains another brand new guitar pick with which to finalize his song. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The act moves on, however, the audience is rather silent. Not a lot of laughter tonight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The pies, the slip and falling.. Even the unicycle.. (describe them more)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He runs off stage and comes back speeding on an unicicle. Making circles around the stage.. His hair waving in the wind.. The streams dangling.. It all waves as if tripping down a calm road by the sea side.. He extends his hands taking it all in, but the wheel trips on one of the bowlin pins that were conveniently left on stage from before and he falls rolling down to the floor.. He takes an extra second before raising up to listen to the audience.. Laughter.. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The cards are wrong, they fall to the ground. Laughter. He cant get the balls to juggle in place.. Laughter.. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is wrong? This is not his act. Everything is going wrong. This is not funny. Laughter. The audience laughs on. As if the act doesnt matter. He stops. Its unthinkable to break character, but he is upset.. He removes his nose.. Laughter\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 the frown on his face deepens, and he is hurt. Laughter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He takes a few steps forward. The audience, still blurry and shaded by the bright spotlights laughs on unrelentlessly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - This is not funny! He yells. And it would be one time that his voice is heard. Laughter.. His voice drowned by the laughter of the audience.. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He feels a tear come up to his face, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he steps closer to the edge of the stage, the light becomes less bright.. He can see the people.. Unmovable.. Laughing on still.. The faces, inmobile give an eerie sensation as he can still hear them laugh\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 he steps even further.. Something is terribly wrong. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The audience.. Men.. Women.. Children.. Grandmothers, grandfathers.. They are flat.. They are nothing but painted on wood. Crude portraits of laughing people.. Dummies, they are another set, turned this time, facing his own set. Men in their suits, hats baseball caps.. Women, children with colorful hats and perfectly white teeth.. All with a forced smile, some clapping\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 all painted on wooden canvas.. Its all a set. He screams, calling for his collegues, other performers, standing across the stage.. Calling For them to see what a cruel trick has been played on them.. How could have they been fooled like this, how much work has been invested in entertaining a fake audience.. He runs to them.. But he finds them static. Theyre also painted on. Caricatures.. The elphants look ridiculous.. As if a 10 year old child had painted them.. Paint still smeared across the floor, in dark grey tones.. Same as the elephants skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The master of ceremonies, stands with his hands resting on his waist\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 bright colored jacket and pitch black greased hat.. Smeared.. Dead wooden canvas.. Leaning carelessly against the wall. The music and the laughter go on..}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turns around once again.. The circus is so small.. The stage is so small\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 paint smeared all over the floor.. His hands, covered in the red and purple and brown and green paint\u8230\'85 dried up stains and blotches\u8230\'85 brush marks on his sleeves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looks up. And bitterly smiles. Understanding once again\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0}