{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Opening Day. The show is always chaotic. It didnt matter how many times it had been performed, rehearsed, re-rehearsed. It didnt matter how many times they made the attempt to perform a perfect act. things never went according to plan. And it would be a shame if it did. He had learned to take joy in the little moments of confusion, the small unexpected things that happen when a show gets moving. The sparks as he used to call it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His was a small act. In a prime time show of dozens of performers, he didn't really have all that much to add. Compared to the other artists, his craft required the least amount of skill. He wasn't part of the equestrian team, the acrobats, the elephant act\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85  his, was an understated single clown act. A little juggling, balancing a chair on his forehead.. And having it drop, getting it stuck on his chest for the laughter of course..  a pie here and there, you slip and fall, perhaps if his back doesnt hurt that day, a bit of unicycle.. A little magic\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Clowning wasnt for everybody. Actually the circus wasnt for everybody. It takes a special someone to go out there every night and perform the same act, and find it fullfiling after a while. Not to mention his act was repeatedly to make a fool of himself. Other acts have a certain dignity to them. Clowning doesnt. Certainly not in the traditional meaning. The reward in it is in the laughter. The laughter is everything. A torrent of adrenaline, dopamine, oxytocin.. Its in the audience breaking down their shell and becoming children again.. A clown puts on a mask to entice the audience to remove theirs.. To laugh without reserves. While laughing, everybody is an equal. The dignified, and the humble. The wealthy and the day worker. They all look at the clown and break down. Their status fades for a few minutes, and all men, and women and children, are joined in one while their attention is focused on the clown act.}}